Update docs before training (#137)
TomographicImaging/iDVC: docs/source/dvc_steps.rst

You can then either run a **Single** run, or a **Bulk** run:

- A **single run** will run with the current point cloud you have generated, you only need to select the number of sampling points in the subvolume region.
- If you select to run in **bulk**, this will use the loaded or generated point cloud and run dvc analysis changing the parameters **subvolume size** and 

> **sampling points in subvolume**. You can set the minimum and maximum subvolume size you would like, and the size of the step between these values, and similar

Reviewer: something weird happens with the render here, relates to the warning in the action

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60604372/204782677-2ae83c5f-5b5d-4b49-b708-b83c12501c9e.png)

>  for the sampling points. In the example above, this would perform runs on point clouds with sizes 30, 40 and 50, and number of sampling points 1000, 2000, 3000,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 for the sampling points. In the example above, this would perform runs on point clouds with subvolume sizes 30, 60 and 90, and number of sampling points 1000, 2000, 3000,
```

numbers need updating because the screenshot has been updated with different numbers

>  4000, 5000, 6000, 7000, 9000 and 10000, so 30 runs in total.

Reviewer: Below on line 203 onwards, the numbers need updating also to correspond with the new screenshot of the progress bar
